hey guys so for today's video I'm
finally doing a room tour and my room is
kind of Justin Bieber themed I hope
that's not a problem because Amenia is
my husband so my friends and family have
come to accept that um yeah this is just
a quick overview of my room I've been
working on it for like 3 years off and
on a lot of stuff is falling off so I do
apologize about that but I hope you like
it so first I have a cardboard cutout
right next to all of my jewelry that I
have I hang my necklaces up on little
hooks that I got from Hobby Lobby and my
earrings on a chain that I got from
Hobby Lobby as well and right above them
I keep a chain of sunglasses now moving
on to the top of my drawers where I keep
most of my Justin Bieber stuff right
here I just have a few books and
magazines that keeps been in the Teen
Vogue's The Rolling Stone I'm the bleep
DVD I painted that um these are his
perfumes and lotions I'm all three yeah
I got this from the world of coke not
your whites here but I have the singing
toothbrush wallet tattoos stickers right
here is a phone case cover but now I
don't have eyes on four here I have a
stack of Justin Bieber cuffs that I got
from Party City and here
notebooks in a composition book for
school of Justin Bieber and now I have
some duct tape and some books and a
picture frame of me and pan and these
are little cardboard cutouts that I made
of him and kissed and this is a little
doll of course he's shirtless yes and
above these drawers
I have little pages that I ripped out of
magazines with all these facts and some
of his funny pictures and then I kind of
made a little collage yeah that fell off
up there that's why there's like a bald
spot
but it um these are collage pictures
that I have up and as you can see I got
a little jealous at times and marked out
Selena's name and wrote mine and covered
her face but she was touching my husband
so um yeah there's my face with Justin
it may or may not be real a countdown I
made for when I was going to see him in
August but that was over a year ago
these are a few magazine covers that he
was on and in this corner I have an
acoustic guitar with a little conch
shell that I actually got from the
Bahamas in a TV I don't watch TV but my
dad insisted that I have at my room and
that little brown thing it's standing on
does it match at all and now I'm moving
on to my vanity I got this chair from
Ikea and on top of it is a Justin Bieber
towel and underneath here it's really
messy I know but I need to return those
shoes and return that bag and those are
where I keep my makeup bag in this lamp
I got from Ikea as well and this is a
con year mirror that I use and my
glasses it's really messy in here I keep
some of my college paper
I actually found my iPad while doing
this but it's kind of just junky so yeah
this is actually my favorite collage
wall that I have there's me and him
again there we are again and again and
again yes I know I'm weird but these are
butterflies I have on my ceiling a
little confetti things from my 2016 two
years ago and now this wall are some of
his singles or album covers most of them
are old but I love that baby Justin and
these are from journals and of course
more posters and all these believe movie
posters I actually when I went to the
premiere I stole a bunch of them and ran
so yeah there's some weight to know how
to get my grind on here's my other table
it's fairly new so I'm not going to show
you the inside of all the drawers put on
top of it I keep this little mirror that
I got from Target and sometimes I like
to do ooh
sometimes I like to do my makeup on my
bed and these are my lotions and
perfumes here is where I keep all of my
makeup and on top I have my makeup
brushes and whatnot but I would show you
a collection of that in a separate video
these are just some fun film strips that
I found of my friends and I yay
random okay um here is my makeup it is
all labeled with my ugly kindergarten
handwriting there's a long mirror I have
some IKEA that is where I keep my hair
stuff and these are there's some Justin
Bieber bracelets this is my bracelet and
right there I keep my rings behind it I
have a picture of my brother and my
niece and then my niece and I and I have
a keychain MyState ring the candles and
when I turn 16 again more jewelry and in
this little box down here I keep my
single earrings and some studs like
because I lose all my earrings all the
time and finally I have my calendar and
a bunch of pictures and this is a fairly
new wall so it is kind of tacky but my
whole room is tacky I love it
this is my bed my laptop my phone my car
keys and my Justin loves Christi pillow
and then over here is a little thing
that I got from his mom's book signing I
went to so I think that's pretty cool I
put that up and there's a picture of my
friend and I at his concert in a card
from my birthday
so yeah that's basically all of my
Justin Bieber themed room I hope you
guys liked this video subscribe like
comment and keep watching for more
videos